[IBCDPE-938] Deploy Signoz (OTEL Visualization) to kubernetes cluster (#35)
Sage-Bionetworks-Workflows/eks-stack: modules/cluster-ingress/README.md

# Purpose
The purpose of this module is to deploy kubernetes resources related to ingress for
the cluster. Along with the ingress we will also deploy out the related SSL cert issuer.

## To implemement
The Envoy Gateway can secure ingress by verifying JWT. It can be applied to a specific

> target, for example this applies it to an HTTPRoute called `backend`:

Author: ```suggestion
target, for example this applies it to all requests going through a `Gateway` called `eg`
```

```
apiVersion: gateway.envoyproxy.io/v1alpha1
kind: SecurityPolicy
metadata:
  name: jwt-example
spec:
  targetRef:
    group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
    kind: Gateway
    name: eg
  jwt:
    providers:
    - name: auth0
      remoteJWKS:
        uri: https://dev-57n3awu5je6q653y.us.auth0.com/.well-known/jwks.json

> ```

Author: I thought this was a really nifty way to define how the envoy gateway is able to authenticate requests passing through it. There are a number of pre-defined ways shown here: https://gateway.envoyproxy.io/latest/tasks/security/jwt-authentication/ that will allow us to integrate with auth providers.

Another example here for the OIDC Authentication shows how we might be able to do something like stand up a user login screen in front of the cluster using Synapse (Such as how DCA works):
https://gateway.envoyproxy.io/latest/tasks/security/oidc/

Reviewer: That's really neat!  I wonder how feasible that would be.
